In the previous video I have introduced launch heights and how to create a large file with multiple
notes in this video.
I'm going to show how we can extend the lounge vised by including some existing large files and also
specifying some parameters that you can use inside the No.
So let's see how that works.
So in the previous video I have introduced the turtle see underskirt video of the flash which contains
two different notes.
Now to consider the other five code to see underscore when or where we are going to use the little note
that we have defined in the previous section of them that can see motion.
In addition to that we are going to include the last five that we have defined and which is called 13
sim underscored Gilleo.
So that gives seen underscore the computer will contain all the notes of this classified.
Plus one more note that is got the cleaner.
So how to do that.
Now we are excited to see him and the skull clean or Nash.
So we can add the additional note in the same way that we did before.
So this is the node it belongs to the package or essential CBP.
So basically I'm going to use the note that you have defined it here which is called Total simply that
by which is defined in that package.
Are those essential CBP dispatches that we are using during this course.
And then the task of the node is called courtesy and that can be done by.
This is the note that we have defined before and which makes the robot move go to go locations and perform
unique applications.
So yeah were going just to ask the robot to go to the code 1 1 for x and y coordinates and then said
that these are location 290 and then move forward with Chinglish to forward.
Thats what we want to do here in the community.
So we put everything together into the lungs.
And the new thing here is that were going to include the last fire that we have defined previously which
is Coltart to see underscore the latch.
So we will use that that include.
And then we specify the location of the flight.
And for this we are going to use the command fine.
Okay fine dress as such a you pick and this one it is going to return the absolute path of the package.
Host essentials BP is Ysidro essential to BP.
We have asked the public to motion slush slush symp underscore the deep dark Lodge which is the fact
that we have defined over here which is located in this location.
So we have such a CVP this is that package name.
And this is now the path to the package home workspace at c and be then we go to the s RC for the then
top into motion and then that.
And now we have we're going to import or to include that to see.
And the scope hope that lush.
So not the.
Is going to start.
Both the previous five courtesy undercut the up and also an additional note which is called the ductless
underscore cleaner.
Don't buy it.
Now let's get to this.
No.
OK.
Can you trust launch are those assumptions CBP.
And then we're going to use the steam cleaner flush.
And here you can see it's going to go to the location 1 1 and at the same time I can also Les Miserables
it using the keyboard for an hour later the time is taking control over the robot.
Now I can also do some additional controls with the keyboard.
OK.
I'm now rotating with the keyboard as you can see now and fully control immediately one of the end of
the it is simply not a right.
OK so two notes were actually around the same time because we have it we did the tortoise and the scope
of the flash.
Also we have the underscore at the back.
So you observe that when you have started this node or this fire in the beginning this would have started
to go to this location.
Wow what.
OK.
Which was the frame here.
You that that is simply imagine that now I would like to start at some different locations.
I'd not want the robot to go to a location one one for example.
I want to go to some other locations one of the ways.
What do you find is manually here and then execute the program.
And another way is actually to define parameters inside the Lonsway and then collect these parameters
from your node.
So let's see how it works.
Now imagine that instead of setting specifically the value of the x and y coordinates of the goldbricking
should we want to get them as part of inters from the fight.
So for example here I'm going to define an X goal location which will be equal to some parameter value
and the Y.
And there's got a good location but also the equity the perimeter and the bottom and that needs to be
defined into the last fight first.
So I'm going to go to the last fight and yet I'm going to be fine but I'm.
And then give a name to the bottom and the name of the I'm OK will be used later on to select this parameter
in the Peiffer node.
And then for example let me call in just like the name of the variable x goal.
And we set the value the value for example equal to three point zero.
OK.
So this is the part I'm I'm going to do another parameter for the Y location.
OK you can define any of the parameters that you want.
And for example let me put this to what so remember in the code here.
You have used one one location so I'm going to change it with execute and we know we have defined the
parameter and you have to make sure to define the parameter before the node is called.
So that these parameters are added as you said into the parameter server so that we can retrieve them
from the underscore number by some code.
And now the second step after defining the bottom of the downside we need to collect these parameters
from the snow and to do so.
We will use respire that get squat from and then you have to specify the name so the name of the apartment
that was ex go.
So I'm going to use X go here to specify the name of the author and the same thing would be our that's
why go.
OK.
And now instead of using these static by use I can use your X goal which we did it from the file.
And my goal would be that come along.
Right.
And then also here in the back you make read X gold and use your X and those cortico.
OK.
And then also the like of course in order to display this in the large file we need to set the output
to screen I'll put it in use it's getting so that the output.
Not everything is in place I can try to run the code.
OK I'm going to use those sources and then that I would find this God and see him know the clutch now
he's going to start the turtle him and now is going to go to the location 3 7.
So if we look at the X not x is equal to 3 and Y is equal to 7.
So the value now is taking.
OK so you can see now we have successively added the third in the third into our last five.
And this is the way how you can connect the parameter into the Rossmo.
This is indeed very practical because instead of changing every time the code manually you just need
to set your parameters into the launch right.
So at the end you can see it as very effective to execute multiple notes by just calling only one type
instead of slamming multiple notes into different.